You be careful
It is estimated that there is a deep rubbing of Lu Jing's hands at the door
Don't worry, there is no money in this world for nothing
Wait for me here.
I know you.
Are you the mistress from Lu Jing Shen?
Uncle, don't say it so badly
After all, the visitor is a guest
Don't you want to know why I'm here today?
This is my sincerity for coming today.
There's 5 million
It should be enough for you to solve the short-term crisis.
Really a customer
Please take a seat, it's unnecessary
I'm coming to you.
Please do me a favor.
Say what's the matter
I heard you've always wanted to go out and be free
But the people in Lujing keep staring at you
He still wants to ride on my head
I'm his father-in-law
You are so stupid
You said you were going to pay homage to your dead wife
By the way, take your daughter and go out
Miss Xia is smart
Contact me when you go out.
My people will meet you
Is Miss Xia going to carry the Buddha girl?
Why can't you give up?
Humph that white-eyed wolf
How do you want to deal with him?
But they have spoken
Don't pay attention to other words
It has my phone number on it.
Looking forward to your good news.